Please do not practice this at home
with her husband not that there now
suau australia is coming now
the providence is traveling down today
under
do not worry there will be no us
Maden eaten it is royal now
to Kate and William are in Australia
landed
yes and kates today resorted to the
Wardrobe is so see austral
profi when it comes to the big show at the
Photographers go australia that belongs
So it's very important to the commonwealth
for william and this visit rather than
future king so if charles the
job then someday no longer does
So it was for the two today
three actually a big day and
George is dreaming of big animals, yes
human becomes always then if the
perfect facade falls when
football coach grumbles to jürgen
Klop but yesterday he was to be or
a wife of the gods for the
good thing to fruit like michelle
obama already let herself be kermit with that
frog kissing made pushups in the
talk show for more beautiful upper arms or how
Currently, she was with children
So you have a woman with the flower decoration
man in the white house times right
can have fun
and now the cool guys
jealous because yesterday was premiere of the
new spiderman films in berlin
next to the zookeeper and astronaut that was
but all little boys at some point
and he got up very early for that
job advertised main actor andrew
garfield he was already in the living room
earlier spiderman already struck as
little boy this tight latex suit today
is a bit bigger and we have
asked him honestly what do you need
because for the job as a superhero
his answer you take me dance lessons
So, the world has done so lately
Need more superheroes, of course
we can only do that now
toppen with the pope we are pope he
I can say I already know
Chancellors were still and
lover of christine neubauer everything
sorry, unfortunately only in the film Michael Mende
he says I'm really real
constantly watching TV but not one
worry there are repetitions too
such a man actually still something
nervous yes and the coming
he will be 70 like this weekend
if you prepare yourself he does it
with cheese and proven great age
logic yes nice celebration from because
Spiderman is the coolest prince Harry
everybody wants
and there is really nice
there we were men have it
at or simply an ear for everyone
falls under the yes of the
has konfirmation still the cinema
this week a man of fashion quite
otherwise who loved to dress women
and that's what women spend
as you know, more time than with the
undress it's about the fashion designer
yves saint laurent and even fashion
beginners are warm in this film
invited it's not just about
his also create a great love
and his muse in this case once
I'll take the wardrobe
smoking and clapping
that was fun, thank you
for the day today we are looking forward to
tomorrow and wish you one now
beautiful evening